>> Nina Zakharenko: These classes,
they take a,
if we want to be able to instantiate
them and pass in arguments to them,
like we did with int, we need to
make the special type of method.
That's called the initializer method and
it starts with these double underscores or
__init__.
What do these double
underscores tend to mean?
>> Speaker 2: Special.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah, special.
So you shouldn't be calling this
initializer method directly,
it kind of happens under the hood.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm gonna print out
does run and I'm gonna access runs,
like runs is a class variable, right?
So if I run this code, well,
the syntax highlighter here
is giving you a little bit of
a hint that I forgot something.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's say
I didn't have this at all, and
I'm just gonna print out new car.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Syntax highlighter
is still giving us a little bit of
a hint there.
Why is that?
It's because I'm missing something, and.
>> Speaker 3: Self.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Right.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
self is a required argument to __init__.
It's kind of a hidden one,
you don't have to explicitly pass it in.
I'm going to import some things, so
that I can pull in the newest version
of my car class as I modify it.
So if you're following along
with me in this by using a file,
you'll have to do this as well.
So you would have to import importlib and
then say importlib.reload and
the name of your package,
in this case, it's cars.
>> Nina Zakharenko: If I
can just type today.
The reload must be a module.
Okay, so, to do this kind of
live reload in the [INAUDIBLE],
not something that we usually do.
Usually we're either working just in
the [INAUDIBLE] or just with files.
I would need to import cars as a module,
and then, I can say importlib.reload and
give the package name of cars.
And that'll just reload
it from my session.
Make sense?
So now if I wanna make a new car,
I just have to say, cars.car,
and to verify that the type
of that is a class type.
Okay, so if I try to make a new car now.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm not gonna be
able to access any sort of instance
variables on it.
And we'll see here that the linter
is giving me a hint on that.
So in order to do that,
I'm gonna have to pass it in self.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
let's change things around a little bit.
I'm just gonna close this.
I don't want to specify a new
name every time I start my car.
It doesn't make sense, right?
When I make my new car instance, I should
be able to say what the type of it is,
or I'm sorry, what the model of my car
is once, not every time I start it.
It should just know.
So I'm gonna move this name variable.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm gonna
move that into the init.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What do I need
to do to save it to the instance?
>> Speaker 3: Self.name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Self.name=name.
Now, it can take this out.
Am I passing a name into
the start method here?
I'm not, I still have to pass in self to
signify that this is an instance method.
Now, I can still access self.name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: But I don't have
access to it in this particular method,
and it's all via the magic of self.
So let me reload this.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
now I can say my_subaru = cars.Car.
And I'm gonna give it a name of Subaru.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And cool, new car.
Now I can say my_subaru.runs.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Starts.
I don't know why I got runs into my head.
Okay, my_subaru.starts.
>> Speaker 3: Start.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Start.
Thank you guys, my_subaru.start.
And start knows that the name of my car
is Subaru, via that instance variable.
Okay, that's kind of
the basics of classes here.
That self refers to an instance.
>> Speaker 4: So the method start-
>> Nina Zakharenko: Oops, yes.
>> Speaker 4: The way it reads self.name
is Linda's program initializes,
that's where self.name.
I'm just wondering how it reached ten.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So let's say I
had a new car my_Mustang=cars.Car.
What do we know about
positional arguments?
>> Nina Zakharenko: They are required,
right, and
they have to be passed in in order.
So now if I try to make a new car, and
I don't pass in that name argument,
what's gonna happen?
I'm gonna get a tape error.
It's gonna tell me that init is missing
one required positional argument of name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So I know that if I
have an instance of a car because I'm
asking for it in the constructor,
and I'm setting self.name as name.
I know that it's guaranteed
to be there as a variable.
>> Nina Zakharenko: To
show you one more time,
it looks like I didn't
correctly reload my module.
So let me show you, if I make an init and
that does not take self, and
let me correctly reload this time.
if I say cars.Car, if I try to make a new
instance now, I'm gonna get a TypeError.
It says init takes 0 positional
arguments but 1 was given.
Weird, right?
What position or argument was given?
We didn't pass any in.
>> Speaker 4: Self.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Self,
exactly right, but
that binding happens under the hood,
right?
So when you make a new
instance of a class,
Python will always pass in
self as the first argument.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And so let me make
sure to pass in that name argument again.